v2 draft (#4)
cthit/style-guides: react/README.md

---

## Different kinds of components

### Use-case

Your web application will contain several use-cases, which in their turn can contain different screens. A use-case can, for example, be a 'Users'. This use-case manages the creation, editing, deletion, and viewing of users. This is a neat way of structuring your project.

### Screen

A screen is a component that takes up the whole screen, except the navigation. It may contain [components](#components), but it may not contain a [use-case](#use-case).

Two examples for what screens can be:

-   Login: A simple screen that contains a component LoginForm.
-   ShowUsers, UserDetail: Two screens that are a part of the [use-case](#use-case) Users.

### Component

A component is everything that's not a [use-case](#use-case) or [screen](#screen). The only important thing to remember is to give a component only responsibility for one thing. In other words, follow the Single-responsibility principle.

---

> ## File naming

Reviewer: You don't mention that files can be named `Element.comp.jsx` but include them in the example below.

Author: I changed it to this and committed:

```md
## File naming

Each folder, including use-cases, screens, and components, can, but must not, contain these types of files:

* `index.js`, should contain the export of the `*.jsx` file. If there's a container, however, it should export that instead. index.js is used to you only have to import the folder, not a specific file inside the folder.

* `MyUseCase.jsx` / `MyScreen.screen.jsx` / `MyComponent.comp.jsx`: the main element.

* `Element.translations.json`/`Element.(screen/comp).translations.json`: has the translation data for the Element.
```

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7045380/112178610-30b22c00-8bfa-11eb-9af2-d9b7ecac4cec.png)

> Each folder, including use-cases, screens, views, and elements, can, but must not, contain these types of files:

Reviewer: Shouldn't it be Components not Elements?

Author: ```suggestion
Each folder, including use-cases, screens, and components, can, but must not, contain these types of files:
```

* `index.js`, should contain the export of the `*.jsx` file. If there's a container, however, it should export that instead. index.js is used to you only have to import the folder, not a specific file inside the folder.

* `Element.jsx`, the main element.

* `Element.translations.json`, has the translation data for the Element.

### Hooks

If the name of the hook is `useTranslations`, then the file should be `use-translations.js`.

### File extension

`.js` should only be used for `index.js` and hooks. `.json` should only be used for translations. `.jsx` should be used for the rest.

---

## Translations

There are three ways of implementing translations in your app:

1. Have one big `Translations.json` file with all translations.
2. Have a `CommonTranslations.json` file common translations such "Cancel" or "Save", and one `*.json` file per `use-case`. 

> 3. Still have a `CommonTranslation.json`, but have `*.json` everywhere it's needed.

Reviewer: What is the difference?

Author: Is this better?

```suggestion
2. Have a `CommonTranslations.json` file common translations such "Cancel" or "Save", and one `*.json` file per `use-case`. 
3. Still have a `CommonTranslation.json`, but have `*.json` everywhere, for every use-case, screen, or component per basis. I.e. a `Button.comp.translations.json` for translations for a Button.
```

Reviewer: Yeah, that is a clearer

## Different kinds of components

### Use-case

> Your web application will contain several use-cases, who in their turn can contain different screens. A use-case can, for example, be a 'Users'. This use-case manages the creation, editing, deletion, and viewing of users. This is a neat way of structuring your project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your web application will contain several use-cases, who in their turn can contain different screens. A use-case can, for example, be 'Users'. This use-case manages the creation, editing, deletion, and viewing of users. This is a neat way of structuring your project.
```
